Add VDC Group support for vcd_nsxt_app_port_profile resource and data source (#812)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/d/nsxt_app_port_profile.html.markdown

}
```

## Example Usage 2 (Find an Application Port Profile defined by Tenant in a VDC Group)

> ```hcl

Reviewer: why example 1 still using the old way?

Author: I think you had in mind the first example above. Fixed it.

Author: I think you had in mind the first example above. Fixed it.

Reviewer: yes, you go it

* `org` - (Optional) The name of organization to use, optional if defined at provider level. Useful
  when connected as sysadmin working across different organisations.
* `vdc` - (Deprecated; Optional) The name of VDC to use, optional if defined at provider level.
  Deprecated and replaced by `context_id`

> * `context_id` - (Optional) ID of NSX-T Manager, VDC or VDC Group. Replaces deprecated fields `vdc`
>   and accepts VDC, VDC Group or NSX-T Manager ID. 

Reviewer 2: Looks like we were duplicating statements and not sure why plural "fields" was used. What about this:

```suggestion
* `context_id` - (Optional) ID of NSX-T Manager, VDC or VDC Group. Replaces deprecated field `vdc`.
```
